Breeze adding exec command (#23052)
mistercrunch/Airflow: BREEZE.rst

* Initialize local virtualenv with ``./scripts/tools/initialize_virtualenv.py`` command
* Run static checks with autocomplete support ``breeze static-checks`` command
* Run test specified with ``./breeze-legacy tests`` command
* Build CI docker image with ``breeze build-image`` command

> * Cleanup breeze with ``breeze cleanup`` command

Reviewer: I moved those commands down (to correspond with the split we have now). Also I removed the "Additional managemetn tasks" sub-split :)

Another way is to exec into Breeze terminal from the host's terminal. Often you can
have multiple terminals in the host (Linux/MacOS/WSL2 on Windows) and you can simply use those terminals

> to enter the running container. It's as easy as launching ``./breeze exec`` while you already started the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to enter the running container. It's as easy as launching ``breeze exec`` while you already started the
```

    </div>

> Those are all available flags of ``build-prod-image`` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Those are all available flags of ``exec`` command:
```
